- Father, mother, son (Anselm), sister (Ana)
- Family of 4 live in a sleepy, undisturbed, quiet house in the woods
- Recently, mother has been falling sick due to a mysterious illness
- illness caused by the mysterious darkness
- Nobody knows what to do, Ana (sister) has been trying to find a way to cure her
- She goes out one night and doesnt come back
- Anselm ventures out to find his sister
- Anselm finds pieces of Ana's journal, which explains she heard of a ancient cure found in a cave
- 




PROLOGUE

[black, just text]

It doesn't make any sense.
Nothing bad ever happens here...
Why? 
Why now?
We lived a simple life.

--

[peaceful bird sounds]
[forest background]

Far from the burdens of the rest of the world, we lived quietly in the forest,
cradled by the peace nature brought us.
Pa brought home food, Ma took care of us.
Life was simple.

--

[turbulent winds and rainfall]
[nighttime forest]

But then the darkness came.
The sun shone less brightly.
The winds blew heavier,
The rain fell harder,
The animals grew restless,
And Ma...

--

[black again, just text, quiet music]

Ma fell sick.
Pa, Sis, and I tried our best,
But it was no ordinary illness.
Nothing seemed to work.
Pa told us not to worry--that everything would be fine. He was always calm about it, but I could tell my sister, Ana, wasn't.
She promised Ma she'd cure her, no matter what.
It sure made Ma smile, but recently it's been making us worry.
Sometimes I'd find her staying up late nights reading old manuscripts she'd picked up from town.
Just a week ago, I caught her trying some sort of spell.
Of course, magic isn't allowed in the house, so she got a pretty bad scolding from Pa.

--

[black, text, no music]

But now...
Pa's been gone for three days...
He'd gone off searching for a doctor in the big city,
Before he left, he made it clear he'd be gone for a while,
"Anselm, you're the man of the house now, please take care of your mother and sister."
Told him I'd do my best, but..
Ana left the house four hours ago.
She told me she was just going to get groceries,
But knowing how she's been acting recently..
I was foolish to believe her.

--

[writing sounds]

If anything were to happen to her..
I don't know want to know...
I have to find her...
- Anselm

[door opens and closes]

[game starts]

